# Import

Subscribers at the Wyvern and Elemental level can import a `json` export zip file generated by the [campaign export](/features/campaigns/export) feature, keep in mind that `markdown` exports are not supported by the import feature.

To access the interface, navigate to `Settings > Import`. There, you can select the `.zip` file and upload it to the kanka servers.

Importing campaigns can be a long and slow process, so don't be in a rush. All entities and their associated data from the export will be added to the campaign. 

Keep in mind that import logs older than 90 days are automatically deleted.

## My old exports aren't working

Campaign exports generated before **Kanka 2.1** aren't compatible with the import process.

You can check the Kanka version used for the export by opening the zip file and opening the `info.md` file. The `kanka_version` key details which version of Kanka the export was generated with. If no `info.md` file is present, the export isn't compatible with the import.

## Can I re-import an export multiple times

Each time an export is imported, it will create new entities, leading to duplicates if run multiple times in the same campaign.

## What happens to premium features

Premium features are exported and imported back during the import process. If the campaign is then upgraded, imported premium features will become visible.

## What isn't included

At the time of writing, the following features aren't in the export, and thus not imported.

* permissions
* family trees
* dashboards
* plugins
* custom theming
* bookmarks
* dice rolls and conversations (deprecated modules)

This list isn't exhaustive, but includes the biggest missing features from the process.
